1)
HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language) was one of the first formatting languages used to for the Web. This language is very simple and understandable, to the point that you can code a basic webpage by hand in a simple text application such as Notepad.
A URL (or URI, Uniform Resource Identifier) is like the postal address for a website. It is the unique identifier that allows us to tell our computer exactly where we would like to go.
A network is created by connecting two of more computers. An internetwork is when 2 or more of those networks are connected with each other. The largest example of an internetwork in the Internet.

2) November 11th, 1998 was the earliest capture that I could find. I was like two at the time. The actual html of the page includes just three elements: a header and two hyperlinks to versions of the search engine (and of course text to describe those two links). I’m amazed that it doesn’t include even a single line of code for styling.
<h1>Welcome to Google</h1>
	<a href="/web/19981111184551/http://google.stanford.edu/">Google Search Engine Prototype</a><br>
	<a href="/web/19981111184551/http://alpha.google.com/">
	Might-work-some-of-the-time-prototype that is much more up to date.</a>

3) I’m choosing the site of Marc Adamus, a landscape photographer. I actually quite like his site in that even the scale of the site emphasizes the photographs. The background, header, and footer are all dark and small, which makes the photos in the slideshow pop even more. It’s also interesting that the navigation pane is at the bottom of the page. It’s as if Marc is first giving us a taste of his work and then prompting us to seek out more. This is in comparison to a large navigation pane at the top that you read sooner, therefore prompting you to move on before you have even noticed the content of the homepage. Once you navigate to another page, the navigation pane returns to the conventional location, improving ease of access.
This simplicity speeds loading times for each page. The only lag I noticed was when loading a single image from the gallery, but that is to be expected from such large photos.
4) The first instance of the website existing that I found was 12/14/2005. The site is quite basic, with short bio on the landing page and a few link to galleries. I feels similar to the bios that appear when you click on the name of an author in an online article. At this point in the site, he is using smugmug for web design instead of his current one, WideRange Galleries. 
He updates and reorders his page on smugmug (eventually adding a navigation pane) up until August 2008 when he launches his seemingly professionally made site with his own domain name. This is very glitchy, slow loading, and the nav pane is on the right. However the dark theme and emphasis on the photos is still there. It wasn’t until January 2016 that the site layout was significantly changed to the current layout that I quite like.
5) The code for the site appears surprisingly simple, partly because of the organizational hierarchy. I found funny note for the slide show script that requires checking if the browser is internet explorer. I tried viewing the page in with Microsoft Edge and didn’t notice any significant visual changes, so I wonder why it was important to check. In the gallery page, there is also a reference to something called a shadow root, which interests me.
